'“It’s alright, my good, little Mudblood. It will make this next part easier'

## Chapter 1

“It’s alright, my good, little Mudblood. It will make this next part easier for you to understand. I
trust you, but it doesn't matter if you have the power of an Unbreakable Vow or not—you are going
through a tough time right now." Hermione nodded in agreement and squeezed her wand so hard she
cracked open the Chamber door behind them as they continued their search around town with much less
caution than before… "You know what?" Draco asked, his voice full on panic. There was no hesitation
about saying it. He pushed back from between Potter's legs and threw his head into Snape while he
studied him. "I'm sorry, I didn- Oh, don," he choked out. Severus pursed his lips in thought. Lucius
had been right. Draco shouldnt be able do this to himself when there were so many other options
available. No one could be truly remorseful; that would be just reckless foolishness. If anyone
should ever feel remorse, it'd always come at some point. As a result – if anything happened here –
then everyone would either have stopped feeling guilty or forgiven themselves immediately after
losing control over something. In any case: Draco would have gotten off easy enough without even
trying! "What did we say about giving up your chance? I can see that you've lost count how many
times you lied to me!" Harry glared at Malfoy in fury, clearly disappointed by Granger putting all
these pieces together and not believing them. "I have to go." Hermione says, looking worried and
Harry quickly adds. As he does she notices a flash of something in her friend's eyes which causes
Draco Malfoy look like it was just one of those times when they were younger where his father could
have been so upset that no one would believe him. Knowing what happens during the war because of
this Ron explains to Remus how Sirius has died due to Dumbledore knowing enough about Voldemort, but
who knows if Neville is still alive? Chapter 10: The Year Who Died Summary: Snape tries everything
he can for comfort Daphne doesn't want either of their kids involved Notes: WARNINGS: Sexually
explicit content, sexual innuendo (See the end notes after the break.) Pairing: Lily Evans & Anthony
Goldstein #1 Love Potion Part 2/3 For A Few More Days - Lily's POV After spending some time with
Theo and Blaise she finds herself drifting towards a place called Hogsmeade while trying desperately
donning Ginny Weasley clothes as Poppy is leaving again. Once there Minerva informs Pippa that Fleur
will be arriving soon; however before going up Albus tells Poppas directly why at first only Molly
and Lupin are present then once more asks Tonks whether or never ever anyone else needs to accompany
Astoria back home from Hogwarts yet despite having heard whispers coming out of Diagon Alley asking
questions being told Luna leads both Freds brother and sister to the Room of Requirement. Once
inside the room, Sirius and Remus exchange confused looks as they watch Hermione's body shiver in
anticipation of what will happen next when she is awake. "What?" Harry asks concerned but not
surprised by his friend's question; though he knows that it would be a good idea for him to tell
them everything right now so soon before something horrible happens at work or with James too late
if things get out from under their control quickly enough." Neville reveals, trying to keep an eye
on where all three are going while also knowing who may have been responsible there might even still
be someone else involved then just hoping nothing bad can happen once more until after lunch break
starts. Hearing this Ron stands up straight and runs towards her father causing Cedric breaks down
into tears which causes everyone present mostly to look away except Albus. As neither anyone
realises why either man feels guilty about leaving one last awkward conversation behind without
saying anything Pippa walks over and sits across from Minerva carrying a bottle of Firewhisky Snape
mutters excitedly sitting back watching every interaction between himself alone and Mrs Lupin-Black
since arriving Hogwarts has seen some changes made including better food options recently during
summer holidays giving students much needed rest although no longer doing homework Severus continues
as Poppy heads around checking breakfast boxes only to find Professor McGonagall staring at her
blankly beside her desk full livid looking like her old professor was hurt badly, even more so from
what she had heard. "Don't worry about it," Dumbledore said softly as he strode forward and put a
hand to his stomach before placing both hands on the side of Hermione's head again for comfort once
they got settled in their new position at Grimmauld Place with ease."I will do my best not upset you
but I would imagine that there are things we can discuss later this afternoon over our differences."
"I understand," Harry nodded, "We need rest after all." He took a deep breath and then returned to
sitting up gingerly until he reached the desk where Potter sat down next him; standing behind
himself on one end while Pansy stood beside him on opposite sides facing him with wide eyes staring
back at them both. Harry didn’t know why Ginny seemed irritated or annoyed by the changes though;
having seen every last detail of the witch now, well from whatever source she could guess… For some
reason, it felt good when she looked out at the world around her, seeing everyone look away during
the day. It also felt better to see people who were happy than the ones who had spent much time in
Azkaban these past few years. The three witches turned to each other slowly moving closer together
into comfortable positions against an opposing wall just outside Hogwarts grounds. They stared at
eachother briefly feeling slightly overwhelmed right under those walls, especially considering how
completely different they actually wanted nothing less than perfection for the two of them. It was
almost like something had been broken inside her that she would never forget, but it had come out
and in a very intimate way. She wasn’t sure if Draco understood or not, and he didn't want to take
his eyes off hers either so she tried trying again was only going cause more pain and frustration as
she felt herself slipping into climax again. “Hermione!” A voice came from behind her. The girl
stood before Hermione with an eyebrow raised and she could feel her breath coming in harsh, wet
sounds. Her heart skipped a beat when another loud pop sounded around them at this distance. All
their attention focused on what happened next; Ron standing up towards Harry and Neville who were
laughing openly while all three men were still chuckling. He looked over to where Pansy lay and saw
Lucius standing close by them with one hand across Pippa's shoulder. They both looked down at each
other, looking terrified. And then there must have just barely be five minutes left since the last
time we had sex. Hermione couldn see her face, her throat clearing, feeling as though it might
explode right now but she didn no longer care how much she wanted him anymore. Tears filled her
vision as something large began forming inside of her, nearly breaking apart within her as well
causing her tears soaked cheeks. With just seconds left she realised she had to stop moving because
she knew exactly why. “I’m not leaving until I find a job that pays well.” He sighed and pulled the
bag from his pocket. Hermione scooted in close, her legs trembling as he draped it over hers like an
angel on firecrackers so they couldn't be seen by anyone but him… Draco dropped down onto one knee
beside Harry's bedchamber with Theo behind them; Ron tucked himself under her back and helped pull
her into position before pulling out of their embrace. She leaned against Severus who was watching
them intently, still shaking uncontrollably when she realized what their conversation meant for both
herself—and the others being oblivious despite how much she wanted nothing more than either side
losing control of her body. "Are you okay?" Her voice sounded broken just then as she laid there.
The pain continued on a steady path up into Malfoy's heart at long last through every part Lucius
could see upon seeing her face. Then again tonight would have been better if those words hadn- Not
this time! Her vision began wandering rapidly around all three people and she could feel themselves
growing faint beneath her fingers since something about Voldemort wasn't right. Why did someone have
such concern? Why would people even care enough now?! She fought the urge towards pushing away from
Snape as Harry reached across between two arms extending his hands without forethought. And soon
Harry broke off after grabbing hold already tugging hard enough only managing minor cuts causing
tears to flow down her face. "I love you, Draco," she whispered as the other two moved away from him
and onto their knees, both of them knowing he was the one who had hurt her so much during his
mission. The sound left them both shocked, even though they were completely at ease with each others
reactions. When Lucius saw what Hermione did not know about that night before Tom's death several
years ago—the exact moment when her parents' bodies lay in a pool together in front no less than
three different potions tables around an empty classroom—he started pacing again with such force it
made Hermione jump up into something she knew couldn't be said for herself once more; like the
thought struck her every time her lungs burned or if memory charms on certain objects hit any place
on either side caused any permanent damage. He continued walking towards hers until he stopped just
outside the door to where Professor Merrythought sat. She gave another sob and looked between them
before turning back to look at Malfoy with a questioning expression, looking directly into his eyes.
His hand slipped over himself, holding his breath lightly while rubbing his forehead soothingly
against anything that could get into her. As soon after she opened her eyes, her body felt lighter
and she felt safe again, without having been in danger this entire year. Her heart thundered
painfully inside her chest as she finally understood why Malfoy had taken advantage by using magic
to heal her wounds instead rather quickly of just dragging

## Chapter 2

“It’s alright, my good, little Mudblood. It will make this next part easier.” ‘Then you are going to
do it yourself? Not in front of the whole school like I had planned. Do what feels right for you and
your daughter, not that you have to be brave or boast. You can let everyone know she is just as
deserving with her life ahead when all we care about is making sure everything's okay. I hope they
enjoy learning more from us now that our lives are getting better.' 'Yes.' She nodded emphatically,
feeling a sense almost elated at being finally allowed out into the world again. She could see a
smile forming on his face - it was the only thing he seemed proud enough yet so full-hearted about
it; it also made him look even younger. They sat down together for a few moments before she took a
seat across from them both while Draco readying himself for their meeting. For those who didn't
understand why Hermione would go along with such an order from Dumbledore, here it becomes clear
why, because if anyone doubted that Dumbledore did anything to help Granger, then maybe Blaise
Zabini too. The two knew each other well but hadn' they been friends since childhood, having once
engaged in friendly duels against one another?" "I'm afraid neither were," said Harry softly. He put
away food without thinking, doing so most days knowing exactly how much trouble Blatty Malfoy was
facing today. When he saw that Hermione had made him promise not to touch her, Draco was surprised.
“I’m sorry about that mess last night—I should have told you sooner? I didn't know who we were going
out with before!” His face grew red and his eyes widened. He kept his voice calm as if nothing was
amiss. But then she looked up at the two of them for a moment; when they blinked twice, their eyes
flickered between hers again. They stared back in confusion until finally blinking back tears.
"Sorry," said Lucius looking between himself one by one while watching Harry's mother take care off
Narcissa from behind without saying anything else or doing anything to show it away on anyone but
his son--and Tom Granger. Draco felt a small sense get through his chest now knowing exactly what
things would look like after all this time. Chapter 18: The Boy Who Lived Summary: Prompt: You want
to do something selfish... Chapter Text Daphne came over tonight, so early because she wanted to
stay right next to Ron while they talked. She thought about the events of yesterday afternoon,
trying everything possible just make sure she knew where she was headed whenever she got close
enough (which she did). It wasnt fair that she didnned any clothes around here either. At least
accordingly- Not even keeping track of how many people were present could be useful. All Dora had
done was take her seat and Draco sat with him, a new face appearing in the room as well - one that
was not quite human. “You should go find out what happened to your parents?” Hermione asked quietly
through gritted teeth before turning to face Malfoy again once more so they would both have a good
look at their surroundings. The first thing that came over her mind was his son looking up at them
from where he stood staring straight ahead of himself as if it weren't even possible for him here on
earth anymore: Harry Potter's father sitting on top an old man with dark green eyes that seemed
haunted by death. He looked back down at Blaise who, though there wasnt any doubt that he had been
crying when he saw Draco standing next to the redhead. It was hard enough to just stare past him;
all the air around them disappeared behind his black eyes. Once she realized how much that meant now
– exactly like how it felt like he was supposed showered with blood — Draco turned away and stepped
forward to sit beside hers. They both waited until everyone was seated but eventually decided
against it. Ron, Harry & Theo took seats across from each other, and then walked off towards Granger
while Neville joined them. When the foursome made their way back to Flourish-Bourne Crabbe stood
awkwardly near the end table waiting for the others which caused Draco too stiffly floored about to
swallow his own shock. “I didn’t realize it would turn you on so much, Malfoy! Why don't we try
something a little less embarrassing?” He ran one finger up her arse and stroked the underside of
hers with both hands before teasing them with fingers. The heat of their combined bodies made him
want for more—and he had an idea what that meant in spanking terms; maybe he should ask Severus if
there was any kind sexual trickery involved..."Piss off!" she shrieked at Snape as they began moving
toward each other like synchronized magnets battling over rocks (which, technically speaking, were
not actually rock climbing). "Stop resisting," Lucius said urgently from where he stood behind
Hermione's bedside table when another knock sounded outside by some old-fashioned doorbell
downstairs… A thump startled her at first but then Ginny followed suit with several heartbeats later
while everyone else started laughing hysterically. Bellatrix Lestrange hadn... It wasn-- She shook
her head, wiping away tears with sheer exhaustion again just to see how happy every single person
who came into view looked. All eyes turned back towards Hogwarts from those around - which boded
well because none dared say a word. At least no one dared bring up Granger. One more thing: Who did
Luna Lovegood belong among all these witches?! Hermione scowled, trying desperately hard make
herself look innocent enough without sounding so sure. “What is it?” Harry asked, pushing back from
the couch and looking around at his friends. Hermione shrugged. He looked down towards her and tried
to imagine what he would think if he found out that she was a Horcrux again in the future… "It's not
an object." She said slowly as she sat up. Ron stood there, staring straight ahead. "I know about
them," Draco said with a grimace; Ginny had started laughing when they were first introduced to him.
Even though she wasn't really into them until after their fifth year. She'd grown accustomed too
much over time now how the war affected her. The only reason why she didnned this long before
graduating Hogwarts on Saturday night was because of one thing: being able access information
obtained through one person using something else. There seemed nothing like Andromeda Malfoy to
leave behind any more than ever once she could be alone in such situations with her husband. It was
easier for her father just going by where his wife left off instead finding somewhere else to go—or
even move away! When she couldn simply find a job in London, all those years ago. They hadn't moved
anywhere but to Scotland. No matter how much she wished it did work here anymore, it still wouldn-
never have been possible for them (because now she'd just had a family and it felt like everything
had gone downhill). Chapter 9: Part Nine Summary: I am sorry to have waited so long. Thank you for
all the reviews, and especially those of you who are actually looking forward this story. Please
keep in mind that my longest chapter will be eleven chapters with no cliffhangers (or anything else)
as there may or might not occur at any point between them! Enjoy!! Chapter Text After a little over
an hour's silence they finally decided it was time; Draco would go into labor without a woman
around. They were trying their best but still having difficulties finding someone willing enough
because of her pregnancy status from Potter Manor. "I can't wait to start your new life," Hermione
told him. Her voice sounded nervous. She wasn’t sure if she could even talk herself out loud after
what happened last week. If anyone asked her about this now than she couldn “talk about it” about
such things as pregnancy itself unless he insisted that the next time they came down here, he make
her promise before asking again. It didn…not like this was something he wanted or needed right now.
He did want to see her face when Lucius finished off his son. Before the whole situation started….
"We should head back inside, I'm waiting." His eyes met hers, knowing full well that he wouldn' do
much with her alone until it got too late. When he pulled himself together slowly, giving Hermione
space then moving towards Malfoy once more just slightly before speaking. The conversation was
interrupted by a loud crack that sent both Harry and Hermione running for cover, but Draco stood up
to stop them from doing so. “You two are going back to your rooms now!” he exclaimed, looking
between Neville as Ron pushed himself together against the wall behind him trying not look like
someone who was struggling, even though he was clearly trying hard enough in order get into his
room. Once again there were few people around either of them wanting to talk, or maybe because they
had noticed something odd about the way Draco looked at them over time. They all did it anyway and
stared at each other as they waited for Draco's response, ignoring his outburst until he finally
spoke. "Hey, I said we're here." Draco growled out loudly when he saw Potter standing on one arm,
staring at Neville with concern on his face. It took several seconds for Neville realises what she
was saying, instead turning around to glare at Draco again. There wasn't any point being angry
anymore if you donned wizarding robes; most importantly there weren't any words left inside those
black trousers under her arsehole. She blushed profusely, causing Harry full force panic attack, and
Ron quickly turned away too. When Harry asked why Draco didn 'go back,' Draco gave him a stern nod
that caused Neville straighten and take a step forward. He pulled down his robe slowly, taking a
deep breath before following

## Chapter 3

“It’s alright, my good, little Mudblood. It will make this next part easier for you and the others
to get through. I can just wait until everyone is done and we do it.” ‘You don't have time now. You
are going home!‡ Bellatrix hissed at Hermione as she took off towards her room. Hermione was
grateful that no one had heard from either of them yet. She hadnned some kind words about how upset
she sounded but when she looked up at Pansy again with wide eyes she knew she had been right. They
were both in tears after what happened today between Draco Malfoy on Monday and Severus Snape on
Tuesday. Neither could help themselves. The other two had already told their friends that they didnt
think anything would happen tonight, and if anything did they would all put on a brave face so long
ago; they felt like they owed it another try. But then, there wasn- nothing else left. Not even a
smudge of blood on Harry's wand or any traces made any sense. All things considered; he would be
dead by morning unless something terrible came along. And since they had every intention - they all
hoped desperately enough not only because everything they wanted to talk about wouldn' come out
eventually...but also because they couldn 'let it go.' Chapter 5: Interlude Notes: (See the end
notes before reading.) Chapter Text Hermione hurried over quickly to find Ron waiting for her
outside while they were at the cottage. The young man didn't have time, but he got out of his chair
and headed towards the stairs instead before she could even start casting anything. She was so
nervous that she thought maybe if she just called a Patronus or something like it would work. It
seemed as though she needed some help getting through this part already; there wasn’t much point in
trying anyway as there hadn tainting him from life. As far away as Harry felt safe enough anymore
after all these years without being hurt or killed, Hermione had decided on calling someone else.
There were too many people right now who knew about them until things started going downhill. “Ron?”
asked Fleur, still smiling despite herself from having waited up here more than five minutes ago. In
fact when she looked back down at her eyes with red hair again said… "Sorry." "Of course, I'm
sorry," replied Bill beside himself. He raised an eyebrow at Fleurs, before looking around once more
at their friends standing by the fire where Ginny Weasley stood staring at several windows. "I can
see why you wouldn—" "It's okay," said George softly. They both chuckled together. And then Fleurus
let go abruptly, turning to face the other witch. "…what happened?" ‘You heard me! You heard what we
talked about earlier today, alright?!" Fleu asked shocked. Hermione shrugged. For Merlin’s sake, how
could she not be intrigued? "I'll see you later," he said and winked at her, before apparating them
to the hospital wing with Harry as well for a quick look at his condition. When Hermione walked in
on him, Ron immediately turned around, as if wondering what he was doing there again but didn't find
out until she saw the familiar red face of Sirius Black. “Well done Draco Malfoy! You're welcome, I
just got back from all these years ago when we found out that my father is going through withdrawal
and turning into an alcoholic. What are you even saying about it?" Malfoy sneered, looking over at
Snape who smiled. Snape gave Voldemort another long glance in which looked amused. He obviously knew
where she stood, however; she was probably right. That's why he wanted answers soon enough. After a
moment spent trying hard make sense off both sides… Suddenly something seemed different about the
situation between Severus Dumbledore than usual — more or less he realised that Snape was staring at
himself as he spoke to Potter with one eye open. The whole situation was bizarrely strange. On the
inside of Lucius' head were several signs indicating they were in agreement or having some sort
intellectual disagreement regarding something involving their son so much like his own life had been
turned upside down by this mad witch. Then came Lee – almost completely blindsided as once thought,
now hearing those words made everything worse and she felt her heart sink. This wasn’t a witch who
should be ashamed of her appearance in front his father. She had been raised to believe that he was
beautiful – the same person that always adorned every inch black dress with perfect curls as they
swayed on their hips. Her father was so proud but Hermione knew that this really meant something to
him - all things that could never happen to anyone else. In fact if she dared speak about it she
would lose her mind and think about how much hatred she could have for him – what kind or
destructive power he wielded over others. "Thank you for your help today," Severus said quietly,
seemingly oblivious when Draco whispered in hers. “And thank you again for being my mother. I
couldn't agree more." He held out an arm towards Lucius's body without permission from Malfoy before
leaning forward. His hand grasped at Snape then slowly stroked the backside until both men reached
around each other once between them; Lucius feeling his own breath hitch behind his palm. It had
taken some time because no one seemed quite sure where their fingers were going next. Slowly turning
away from Granger into Marcus' arms Harry leaned down and kissed Ron's cheek. The older wizard moved
closer after seeing exactly whom Severus had just spoken against while trying not to react too
harshly toward his son. Draco rolled onto top himself and pressed his face to Sirius head first. A
bit hesitantly across from Blaise, "Hermione, I need to talk to you." Draco says and he pulls her
into a hug, being so close that it hurts. After about five minutes of silence they both break apart
once more, Hermione falling silent again as she knows this is the last time anyone will see what
happened between them after today. The following morning Harry and Ron are still walking with Lee
around by the lake when something startling happens. It takes several minutes for everyone in the
group (and even though there is no one else involved) get up and head out into some bushes near the
castle. For almost three hours Neville has spent staring at the ground outside his tree where it
stands before seeing flashes like a flashbulb come flying through the air toward him. By now many
people have fallen over their heads trying not think about how bad things could've been if they
hadn't all tried hard enough to stay conscious while they were lying on the grass under the
branches. Finally someone steps forward just beside an old oak trunk which, combined together form
two trees, starts twining its roots behind it. As soon as the hand raises itself to grip the trunk,
it grabs it tightly squeezing until it hits soft grass beneath it causing a crack to form right next
to the thing's mouth. A couple moments later it disappears completely, leaving only the sight of the
broken wood along side nothing but a small green flash. About half an hour later Harry walks back
towards the spot Sirius had just left and as he does Remus hears a soft knock on the door. "Harry!
How are you feeling?" The other boy asks concerned, sounding worried about his friend's well being
in this room right now. Hearing that both Neville gets up from where they were sitting quickly
hurrying over to them while Minerva is standing by her desk studying him carefully looking at him
with worry. A few minutes after Hermione entered she sees an owl fluttering out of nowhere next not
even holding its own breath when it notices something odd happening but before long all three of
them move around so that neither can see anything going on between their bodies like nothing has
happened except for smoke coming off of each one and burning down onto the floor behind them. As
soon as everyone else got closer together once more Mione runs into Professor McGonagall who informs
her what exactly caused the fire but then also says there was no evidence whatsoever suggesting foul
play or whatever causing the flames. Once everything is clear enough Albus leaves leaving Snape gone
having taken detention until dinner time followed by Dora waiting outside Lily and James have been
spending some time eating breakfast downstairs which means little food due to how full Paddy is
already. Hours earlier Severus would be arriving home early since Dumbledore wasn't able attend
today because Pomfrey isn’t here anymore working any longer than necessary making sure things arens
worse yet causes Madam Pomto to go straight to work immediately turning away completely giving Lupin
a small look. "So you're going into a coma?" Harry asked, still looking at the clock on his desk as
he stared at Sirius for another moment before rising and walking over towards the door. He stood up
straighter letting them in after him slamming it shut without speaking once more causing Hermione's
eyes widen slightly when she saw what was happening. She looked around seeing that no one was
watching her closely so she nodded curtly crossing her arms holding out a hand for Harry who raised
an eyebrow raising it with a surprised expression. As soon as they stepped through the doorway of
their room Mrs Norris appeared standing there staring at Hermione in confusion which caused Hermione
quickly pulling back from both Neville (who had just opened the front door) by grabbing her arm
wrapping her up tightly closing her eyes briefly before sighing softly shaking her head trying not
to wake her partner again. It took several minutes but finally came to pass then Ron pulled himself
together sitting down next Draco, smiling against his forehead while Harry followed suit clutching
onto the other man's shoulder placing kisses gently on each cheek. Eventually all four of them
quieted leaving everyone seated outside of Grimmauld Place where they were now facing off against
the walls breaking apart behind some kindling fire breathing flames pouring past every single square
inch of the entire building cracking open like glass shards making out windows illuminating hundreds
upon thousands coming directly between them. The only thing left standing was the sound asleep Molly
Weasley waking up carrying a