'My control is slipping and that thought should be a terrifying one'

## Chapter 1

My control is slipping and that thought should be a terrifying one,” she smiled softly. “You know

how much I like to scare the shite out of you, little bird!’ She raised her chin higher, watching as

his body jerked in response with each passing second before he started shaking violently. Hermione

shook harder too and watched him move away from Bellatrix suddenly; then she saw herself standing

beside Narcissa. A dark-haired man with a deep red beard stood on end near their table and was

looking at them with an expression so grave it almost looked real for a moment but then he began

walking towards both women. She stopped just outside of Tom's house and turned around immediately to

face him again when he had finished speaking quietly with Narcissus about the news she received

yesterday. He stepped back slightly under another wave because of the pain in her arm, but quickly

recovered once more. Then he gave up trying any means necessary until the two women finally arrived

at Malfoy Manor. They walked through doors open behind them and over into what they found themselves

in moments later - a small family room filled entirely by bookshelves. The family was an old family

now, though there were still some children here who did not appear to have anything useful to do.

There seemed no reason why anyone would want them to come along after all of this time. Lucius sat

next Ron Weasley, while Draco lay with Ginny or Harry. Molly snuggled into Ron's side and held out a

hand to his friend. “I’m not trying anything, I just- no, you don't have an answer for it. You need

one, Hermione—and that answers nothing. So if the answer is 'yes,' then please come to me

immediately, okay? You know my best friend will be there with us soon enough," she said gently as

they reached the door. "And we'll see about what happens." They didnned their wands and disappeared

from sight in a flash of green light before disappearing back down into darkness. Draco gave him

hope though; after all he knew how much he could miss her like this, he would never go back. Chapter

24: The Duel Summary A little over ten years later, on Halloween night 1944 at Hogwarts when

Hermione was recovering from Voldemort taking care of Harry Potter and leaving him behind, Harry had

taken time off to take classes together. He'd even gone so far as making sure Malfoy was alright

while he was working around Snape, who seemed more concerned than ever with seeing Severus go insane

by putting up some sort intellectual wall between them, but eventually made up his mind and left the

classroom where they had been locked up both times. Once again feeling obligated now couldnt help

thinking of how many hours earlier she'd missed those days, having spent three months here alone

looking for Harry and Ron while she waited for Potter outside. It felt like weeks without either

party knowing why or

## Chapter 2

My control is slipping and that thought should be a terrifying one. You’ll never know what will

happen when you learn the truth about me, just by hearing it loud enough. I can”—her voice was

trembling slightly as she spoke and Snape could feel her pulse increase in anticipation. He nodded

slowly to suppress his wailing so he could speak as much of this on behalf Hermione before taking

his hand into hers again at long last; “I do believe Severus would give us some advice. Perhaps if

we aren't caught, you‘d both go back home and find your own witch?  His lips parted for emphasis but

they were forced down with effort once more and Draco kissed her temple gently letting out a small

groan escaping from his throat causing him almost flush against her skin. It took several moments

after their kiss until Lucius had gotten settled between them, kissing Severus passionately while

speaking in soothing tones around each other's mouths. ~~~*~~~~ As he reached up onto Ron Weasley

who looked absolutely wrecked by everything happening across the room he grabbed hold tight to

Draco‡s neck trying not to cry himself sick inside. ‘Oh come on love, my love…we have to get moving

soon! We dont have time yet let alone make it here tonight or tomorrow morning!!‐ he cried

desperately making sure Harry didn even hear how badly hurt he felt because he couldn- ‪We need

something!  came another voice breaking through and Molly started laughing, “They didn't come to any

of our homes in the last two weeks. They are all gone now with my father, it's time for a proper

family reunion!!” She shook her head at Harry who smiled, she was still trying not laugh but felt

that there had been something happening somewhere inside of her that told her this was what they

needed to do as their lives were becoming more complicated than usual and Hermione knew from the way

the four girls were watching them both that whatever they were doing here was going away without

them knowing anymore. It was almost like when Malfoy opened his eyes he saw Ron standing up beside

him, his smile lighting up so much that Hermione could tell by Ginny’s raised eyebrows at him before

nodding towards Neville, who was leaning against the door frame just behind her friend giving

herself some space. ‘What is it?‡ Harry asked curious looking around nervously thinking about what

he would find if he found out anything else about the family he loved. Hermione gave a small shake

of the head then looked over at Ron, he seemed more interested in what she said instead grabbing her

hand holding her arm tightly pulling her close allowing her face into hers making sure everything

was okay with him in her mind. In an instant she understood why Draco was taking such great care to

keep everyone safe after telling people where they had lived once they got home or went back several

times during school, including using magic to

## Chapter 3

My control is slipping and that thought should be a terrifying one. It's not the most powerful or

quick way to control yourself, but I'll try and make it work." Hermione blushed at his words; she

was used by him now – she wanted more than anything in this world for her to have some control over

her emotions. "I think you need your own little Gryffindor princess," he said with an amused smirk

on both of their faces before turning to look at Pansy who seemed so very close together. He smiled

at how much they were making her feel like she could touch herself again. Hermione felt her face

flush as he kissed her hand. She knew there would come times where she couldn't believe what she'd

just read about his magical core powers going into place when it came time! When she saw the image

coming from Draco Malfoy, she let out a loud moan against himself. When he returned back to reality,

he looked positively horrified. There had been no questioning of his abilities after all these

months since Lucius. All things considered Granger did indeed seem different from when she first met

them. The strange part though? What exactly made the change in personality happen? That made her

wonder if something inside him was actually telling her otherwise…she wasn’t sure which aspect of

her life she needed reassurance from. Severus Snape was nothing like Narcissa Black, wasn' tarrying

around to fuck every single woman present outside those walls while being tortured and murdered by a

man who was his own worst enemy. If anyone could have saved her the rest of their lives, it would be

you." "Then why did he bring them here?" Bellatrix felt cold dread begin to creep into her stomach

as she watched the room become more and less empty with each passing moment. She swallowed hard as

her eyes slowly roamed through Hermione's face. Her body language seemed disturbingly calm in

comparison; she found herself wondering if they were truly friends or enemies. "I didn't want him

dead, but I'm not sure how much longer he'll live," Bella sighed. There had been so many things that

needed protecting over the past couple weeks, and now she knew what it took for an old friend like

this one… To find comfort in someone else. As soon after the death eater had left Hermione looked up

sharply. The room remained dark and dingy despite its glow from behind the curtains on every wall

besides hers where Harry lay unconscious on top once again before crawling out of bed beside Ron,

Luna Lovegood screaming at him about something to do and Draco standing there with Mione's wand

raised in both hands. They had just begun walking back to Knockturn Alley when another familiar

voice came closer to their ears. It sounded almost familiar and yet somehow Belledora couldn’t help

noticing it hadn- A girl appeared inside Hogwarts first thing next morning and asked around all

sorts questions without any sign telling which